[Music]
why are you
here divine water dragon
in that obvious big guy my girl ryan and
i are gonna fix the world
let's catch you up it is so
exciting to be the first southeast asian
disney princess
it is a big deal ryan is one of the
fiercest characters
[Music]
in ryan the last dragon we were inspired
by things about southeast asia to create
a
holy original story and fantasy world
called kumandra this land
used to be inhabited by mystical dragons
which brought magic
and harmony but over time the land split
apart
our lands have been at war for as long
as we can remember
and now she's on this mission to bring
this world back together with this
ragtag group of misfits
i wish to join this fellowship of
particularly
the animation on this movie is on a
totally different level and it's amazing
when you think that this movie was
animated from home
it's incredible you know we have a crew
of 400 plus people
we were animating lighting having story
meetings all of that was done from
everyone's home with dogs and cats and
babies
yeah it could only have happened because
everybody is passionate about the films
we make and they brought that
i mean the movie is i think one of our
most beautiful films
you and the dragon are coming with me
my sword here says we're not
i have the honor of being one of the
martial arts consultants on the film
i got to incorporate the knowledge i had
from southeast asian martial arts into
those fight sequences you see weapons
get pulled out from raya that are
screamer that come from the philippines
when you see why falanta fights that you
could go that's our niece
that's mutai that's krabi krabong
the level of action in this movie is
pretty tight it's pretty tight
the world's broken you can't trust
anyone i think the themes of this movie
are so relevant
maybe it's broken because you don't
trust anyone learning how to find the
goodness in the world i think is such a
beautiful
important message i really just can't
wait for people to see it